Inline dependencies to facilitate usage and copy-paste. (#12)
commercetools/commercetools-email-retry-processor: README.md

The API endpoint should cover the following steps:

1. Fetch the current e-mail object by the given id (commercetools CustomObject UUID)
1. After fetching it, send the e-mail and process the result in the following way:
    - If the e-mail delivery is successful
      - Delete the current e-mail object
      - Set the response Http status code to `200`

>     - If the e-mail delivery fails temporarily (TODO: WHAT DOES IT MEAN)

Author: Hi @ahalberkamp could you please help me here describe what temporarily and permanently mean exactly? Thanks.

>     - If the e-mail delivery fails temporarily (TODO: WHAT DOES IT MEAN)

Author: ```suggestion
    - If the e-mail delivery fails for a temporary reason (e.g. connection error, slow network, etc..)
```

Author: suggestion with @ahalberkamp

      - Set the status of the e-mail CustomObject to `pending`
      - Set the response Http status code to `503`

>     - If the e-mail delivery fails permanently (TODO: WHAT DOES IT MEAN)

Author: ```suggestion
    - If the e-mail delivery fails for a permanent reason (e.g. wrong e-mail address, etc..)
```
